# AcademicTracking
This is a approximately 40 minute university registration simulation program that stores students and their courses for the purpose of recording their status until a semester ends. The purpose of the project was to ensure that the resgitration system runs correctly using quality assurance methodolgy in order to achieve realism.
In order to make sure that the system successfully passes every possible case in a effecient manner. I decided to list all the possible successful and unsuccesful test cases that may spawn from such a system. 
Since there are a lot of tests to account for, it seems as it may be in the best of our interest to automate a full semester to run in a matter of a second with all test cases being accounted for in this one automation test cycle. This way is exteremely efficient as we are able to run through all the tests within a second rather than waiting 40 minutes for a full semester to be over to check whether all the tests passed or not within the test cycle. This is also highly beneficial because we are running the whole program as a test and checking whether every single function and class properly run together as one whole entity rather than testing each single class or function seperately. Classes and methods can pass on their own but when combined into one program, errors can still form for multiple reasons. This is why this methodolgy is exteremely beneficial.
I documented my work and results as I was working on this project through a series of videos. 
Here is part 1 of my documentation: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9F81sARojvw&t=2s
Here is part 2 of my documentation: https://drive.google.com/drive/my-drive?fbclid=IwAR2BGLNawhyHg8-tysQmF1poI8l4-AfljEtRT6_ViRU6pxTfd7n0XtSx2Eg
